---
layout: single
title: "Kind eyes tell lies, Poetry, Part 1"
date: 2025-09-27
author: Ekaterina Kelenina
categories: [Reading / Writing]
tags: [Poetry, Creative Writing, writing, books]
author_profile: true
read_time: true
comments: true
custom_class: times-font
---

A short collection of original poetry works. Read and Enjoy! This is the first part of many. Thought there is no one theme, these all follow a similar structure. With each either being artisitc expression or speaking on a current issue.



**The lack of time**

The sun rises over the fields of wheat,
I can only watch from my window, 
My sickly state was too heavy to even stand.
But I persist.
I dress in my floral light gown,
I dance with my bare feet around the fields.

The southern sun warmed up my freckled cheeks .
 My legs are sore from the rough terrain but I dance my pain away.
I know that if I slow
The pain will overgrow
And I won't be able to dance again.

So I run through those floral fields
My dress catching on thorns, My feet bleed,
But I won't stop I won't let go
Because if i do there will be no more.


One day as I dance my pain away
A man arrives at my door,
He's got that sweet look on his face,
You know you can trust him right away

His cream tunic is loose,
His hair flowing through the wind
I admire him from afar,
His beauty is alluring.

I run to him
Giggling as I go
I would love to know,
From where he comes and goes.
But I don't worry much 
Because I Trust.

We dance together,
Running through those flower fields.
He makes me feel so light inside
To the point that I can almost fly,
We thought at the time,
That we come to defy Life.

He had a heart of gold
His Mind was extraordinary
I could only imagine,
What a lifetime with him would be like.


But we were running out of time.
Slowly the stars got less bright.
He was a knight in shining armor,
My sinning mortal soul,
Did not deserve this gentleman.


The sun sets,
 My time is done.
I breathe in my last breath
My childish innocence slips away.
It flows through the wheat fields.

It was a beautiful sight.
The lake practically ate the sun,
The flowers glooming with the night air
As my soul is no longer there
I was glad to see,
The sun setting over the wheat fields.





**Pink Clouds**

Oh how I wish to be a fluffy pink cloud
Lost in the sky without a doubt.
To float with peace and pride.
To reside right above people's eyes,
to be unnoticed by time.

Oh how people wish to not exist.
They persist but don't insist.
After all, it takes a lot to be the best.
To the point that it hurts my chest
With the dry weeping
And lacking in spirit.

Oh how I wish to be a worryless pink cloud
Lost in space in time.





**Barren Solitude**

The desert sands,
Burning my unprotected feet.
You could probably smell,
the lack of water.
From my dried out bones.

I walk like any over day,
After the accident,
I've ended up in a dessert
With desert sand as thick as time
Swaying around.

I can almost see the water,
Its so close,
The air almost smells salty
But the dessert is cruel like that.

I run and run,
I got there.
In my haze,
I jump into the water.

The deed is done,
I'm rescued from drought,
But oh dear, 
The sacrifice was colossal.

My body will remain,
in those deserted,
Sandy castles
In perpetuum.





**Foliole**

The wind blows
I fly,
I see the ground, 
Below me,
I'm falling very slow.

Im twirling with the wind,
Spinning with
The tune of fall,
After all,

I'm just a leaf.

To be stepped on,
Maybe my spine will crunch.
Under those thick,
Winter boots.





**Flowers**

We were all flowers 
molding at the root
 I couldn’t do much but just pray
 It would go away. 
  It would never go away,
  it would stay and it would
  mold the root away,
 only later, I realize:
  I need to cut off all the toxicity.
  I need to cut off the stem,
  I need to start fresh,
And forget the rest.





**Artisan**

I'm as skilled as a guild.
As smooth as a sleuth.
My hands are made of gold.
My eyes see every mistake,
that I could possibly make.

What I lack,
Is a hat.





**Passenger**

In a train,
Which goes forever,
Will I remember?
In November you can see the embers.
The trees burn.

I share my sympathy.
But my telepathy can't do much.
It is too late.

We have dirtied our beautiful planet,
It burns for our sins.
Mother earth is innocent,
Everyone knows.

What have we done?





**Spoil**

Spoiled rotten
As an apple,
Hide in the chapel.

In the chapel,
A boy eats an apple.
He likes the lies,
The tickle behind his eyes.
He stole it from a tree.

Just outside the church.
An old man stands nearby.
He knows the boy,
By his tie and his eyes.
He's stolen before, 
the church even knows.

They don't stop him,
For all they care he can eat his hair.
All they bother to do,
Is shoo him away from the stove.
Before he burns himself bad,





**Restless**

The case is restless,
Like the look in his eye,
He sees his failure,
Right before his eyes.

He works and works,
Giving it all he can,
But that little girl,
All she can do,
is lie in a casket.

Her soul is wide awake.

Both eyes closed.
She has no life left,
Nothing to give,
Nothing to get.

He works day and night,
Trying to prove that they lied,
That they had that little girl,
All of this time.

Can he prove it?
We'll never know,
The case went cold,
All those years ago.





**Wild**

Wild child
Bites the dust
For being unforcean
She's rabbid as an animal
All they can do is plea
She breathes 
And eats
And drinks
Like human
But she is far from that,
She's a wolf in sheep's clothing,
A rabid cat at best.

Wild child,
Bites the apple
So full of life
All she can do is smile,
And look up above her chest,
She's drowning in sorrow,
Faux concerns slipping from the tongue.
She mourns the death of many,
Who will mourn the death of her?
She is lost in the eyes,
Her soul abandoned.
After all she is just,
A wild child.





**Sacred**

Sacred sight
Upon the wheelbarrow,
The Skies are blue
My skin is pink,
And in the rink,
There is a stink,
I can see, 
I can feel,
Maybe I can even breathe.
The leave are crunchy beneath my boots,
My eyes are sunken from delight,
My pupils dilated with fright.
The sight before me is too bright.

I see I feel,
Maybe I can even breath,
The soil beneath my feet,
Begs to be released,
The soil screams of bloody murder,
Lost with deps of time,
Have we lost it all this time?
It's a sacred sight,
One to be remembered.
But we forget,
Just like what we do with the rest.




Leave a comment wiht your interpertations of what any of these mean! Or if you understand the reference :)
